Black Cat Presents, I Want to Be You by Andrea M. Hutchinson Copyright Black Cat Publishing
Teammates
Hurry up girls, the match starts in 10 minutes.
Says Miss Stevens the PE teacher.
And remember, what are we going to do?
Win!
Everyone shouts.
Miss Stevens leaves the changing rooms and Rosie starts putting on makeup.
Don't look at me like that's Holly.
Says Rosie.
You know it's...
I start to say.
Against school rules to wear makeup.
She says in a silly voice and everyone laughs.
You're so boring Holly.
Says Jane, Rosie's best friend.
There's a photographer from the local newspaper.
I need to look my best.
Says Rosie.
Rosie is the team captain, our best player and my cousin.
We were even born on the same day.
But we aren't similar at all.
Rosie likes sport.
I like painting.
I love chocolate and baking cakes.
Rosie is always on a diet.
This week, she's only eating things that begin with the letter P.
Pineapple, peppers and peas.
I like pineapples, but every day, for seven days, she's crazy.
Her family is rich.
Mine is not.
We're not poor, but Rosie's mum and dad, Art Lily and Uncle Pete,
have lots and lots of money.
They go on holiday in the Seychelles.
We go on holiday in a caravan in Scotland.
They moved house last month.
Art Lily told mum it was because they needed an extra room for their gym and sauna.
We don't really see them very often.
To be honest, we really couldn't be more different if we tried.
The only thing Rosie and I both have is blonde hair.
Rosie's is long and straight, and it always looks perfect.
Mine is short and curly, and I always look like a clown.
Ready!
Rosie asked the team with a nervous smile.
Yes, the let's go!
The team followed her to the gym.
As usual, I'm the last one to leave the changing rooms.
I sit down with the other reserves and cross my fingers.
Please, I hope they don't need me.
I hate basketball.
I hate science, Sudoku and supermodels, but I hate basketball most.
The game starts well.
Rosie scores twice in five minutes.
Every time she scores, she smiles at the photographer.
Across the gym, Ben is sitting with his friends.
I think Ben is gorgeous, but he doesn't know I exist.
No boy like Ben ever looks at a girl like me.
I look at the clock.
210, 209, 08, 07.
Great!
Only two more minutes before the game is over.
The score is 22-23.
The other team is winning, but Rosie has the ball.
She runs past one player and then another.
As she gets closer to the basket, everyone stands up and shouts,
Rosie, Rosie, Rosie.
Just as I start to relax and think that I won't have to play,
a player from the other team runs into Rosie and she falls to the floor.
Rosie, are you okay?
I run to her.
My foot.
It hurts.
Is she going to be okay?
I ask Miss Stevens.
But she doesn't answer.
She looks very worried.
It's okay, Rosie.
I say, helping her to stand up.
I look after you.
Holly!
Miss Stevens shouts, where are you going?
With my cousin to the nurse, of course.
You're a reserve. The team needs you.
Get on the court.
But can't you choose someone else?
No.
It's okay.
Says Rosie.
Go on.
We've got to win this match, Holly.
I'll be okay.
I don't want to, but I walk back onto the court.
The referee gives me the ball.
Why are you giving me the ball? I ask.
Wake up, Holly!
Shouts, Miss Stevens.
You've got to take the penalty.
But...
Come on, Holly!
You can do it!
Shouts the team.
The basket's only four meters away.
It can't be difficult, can it?
I aim.
Close my eyes.
Open them again.
Take a deep breath.
And shoot.
Everyone watches in silence as the ball bounces first on the backboard,
then on the ring, and then...
No!
Everyone says at the same time,
the ball misses the basket and falls to the ground.
The final whistle goes.
Game over.
The other team jump up.
They lift the winner's trophy and the supporters cheer.
They look so happy when they smile for the newspaper photo.
Sorry, Jane.
Susan.
I say to my teammates.
But they turn away.
Even Miss Stevens looks angry with me.
The team walk back to the changing rooms in silence,
and I am left alone.
Chapter two.
I hate my life.
This school is very quiet when I'm ready to leave.
I'm glad because I don't want to see anybody.
But before I go home, I need to know that Rosie is okay.
When I get to the nurse's office, Jane and Julie are standing in front of the door.
When they see me, they stop talking.
What do you want?
asks Jane.
She doesn't smile.
I... I want to see Rosie.
I want to see if she's okay, I say.
Well, she doesn't want to see you.
Mrs. Julie.
Please, I say moving towards the door.
But they stand closer together, stopping me from going in.
Don't you understand, says Jane.
She doesn't want to see you.
I open my mouth to say something horrible to them.
But if I try to speak, I will cry.
And I will not cry in front of those two.
So I walk away.
When I turn the corner, I start to cry.
And then I start to run.
I hate this school.
I never want to come back.
Never!
I run away from the school.
And when I turn a corner, I run straight into Sarah.
She's coming out of the library with some books.
And they all fall to the ground.
Sorry, I say, as I help her pick up the books.
Advanced German grammar.
Genetics today.
Sarah is my best friend.
The only problem is, her idea of fun is extra chemistry homework.
I heard about the basketball match.
I'm sorry you didn't win, but it wasn't your fault.
I try to smile.
I know she's only trying to make me feel better.
But then she continues.
I mean, Miss Stevens knows you're not very good at taking penalties.
She sees the look on my face and quickly says...
But you were good at other things, like, um, French.
No, really.
You did really well in the last test.
Sarah, I got a C.
Well, that's good for you.
After a pause, she tries again.
That's it, she says.
Just as Einstein probably did when he made his discoveries.
The baking.
Your chocolate cake is the best in the world.
We walk the rest of the way home in silence.
I'm going to the fair with my parents tomorrow night.
She says when we get to my house.
Do you want to come with us?
Maybe it will make you feel better.
Sarah is the only teenager on the planet who will be going to the fair with her mum and dad.
But I have nothing better to do.
Excellent, she says.
And with a big smile, she walks away.
Later that evening, mum and I sit down to have dinner.
Some people don't eat anything when they're sad.
Some people are never sad because their lives are perfect.
People like Rosie, for example.
That's why they can live on half a carrot a day.
But other people, like me, when things go wrong, they bake.
And when they're finished baking, they bake some more.
And then they sit down and eat the lot.
When dad comes home, he sits down at the table with the big smile.
Ready to hear my news and asks.
How's my little champion?
Mum puts his plate in front of him and says.
I always thought basketball was a silly game.
Never mind, Holly.
It's your birthday on Sunday and Monday is a bank holiday.
Dad knows then that things didn't go well.
He stops smiling.
Oh, well, I'm sure you did your best.
He says, I only played for 30 seconds.
Well, it can't be your fault then, can it?
He smiles again.
I missed a penalty.
Oh.
No smile.
In the last minute of the game, after a long silence, he says.
But your chocolate cake is the best in the world.
He smiles once more and reaches for the salt.
Later, I sit in bed eating chocolate ice cream.
Why can't anyone understand that I don't want to be known because I make nice cakes?
I want to be funny, pretty, clever.
No one will ever want to go to the fair or anywhere else with me now.
No one except Sarah and her mum and dad.
Why is life so wrong?
Why?
I don't hear the phone ringing.
Holly, there's a call for you.
Shouts mum.
Say that I'm sleeping.
I shout back.
It's a boy called Ben.
He says he goes to your school.
Are you sure?
Before she can continue, I'm out of bed and running down the stairs.
Hello?
Hello, Holly.
I just wanted to know how you're feeling.
You looked really disappointed after the match, but it wasn't your fault.
Er, I...
Do you want to go to the fair tomorrow night?
He says quickly.
It seems like he's nervous.
I...
A group of us are going and I thought, well, I'd...
I'd really like you to come too.
Holly, are you still there?
Yes.
Oh, why can't I be like Rosie?
She's never nervous when she speaks to boys.
I mean, what time?
We can meet there at six.
Is that okay?
Okay.
I'm going out with Ben.
Bye.
Oh, and Holly?
Yes.
I'm really glad you said yes.
And then he hangs up.
And like an idiot, I stand there, holding onto the phone.
My heart beating strong and loud.
My legs feeling weak as jelly.
But wanting to dance around the room all at the same time.
I don't have bad memories of the match now.
Listening activity.
Hello.
Can I speak to Amy, please?
Speaking.
Hi, Amy.
It's Mark.
Hi, Mark.
How are you?
I'm fine, thanks.
I was going to phone you after tea.
Are you going to Lucy's birthday party?
I wanted to, but my dad has got to go to work.
He can't take me.
We can pick you up if you want.
Really?
That would be great.
Sure.
I'll check with Dad.
But I'm sure it'll be okay.
What time?
The party starts at six.
What about quarter two then?
We don't want to get there first.
Okay.
Quarter to six.
See you then.
Bye.
Chapter three.
Friends again.
Thank you.
Chapter three.
Friends again.
The next morning, a knock on my bedroom door wakes me up.
Just when I was having a wonderful dream about Ben.
I want to go back to sleep.
Back to my dream.
But then Rosie is in my room.
I wanted to come and see you.
Aunt Violet said it was okay.
You don't mind, do you?
She looks like she's sorry.
She looks like she wants to be friends.
She doesn't look like Rosie at all.
How's your foot?
I ask.
I tried to hide last night's empty ice cream box.
I see the spoon just before Rosie sits on it.
I tried to come and see you.
But Jane and Julie...
I know.
That's why I'm here.
She holds my hand.
I was horrible to you yesterday.
We all were.
That's okay.
Let's forget about it.
Really?
I smile.
Can I do anything to show you how sorry I am?
Anything at all.
Do you want to come and see the new house?
You can use our gym and sauna.
I want to say yes.
But then I see myself in the mirror.
The last thing I want is Rosie to see me in a swimming costume.
I look at Rosie sitting next to me.
Perfect as usual.
I think for a moment and then I have an idea.
Actually, there is something.
Two hours later we are in one of Rosie's favorite shops.
But I can't buy it.
It's very short.
My dad will ground me.
Trust me, says Rosie.
It's the latest fashion.
You can't go out with the most gorgeous boy in school wearing something that your dad likes.
Well, I suppose not.
Oh no!
What?
I know it's not cheap, but...
Shhh!
It's Sarah!
I say looking desperately for somewhere to hide.
So?
She thinks that I'm going to the fair with her tonight.
And?
Quick!
Hide behind!
Oh no!
It's too late she can see us!
Tell her that you're going to grams because she's not very well.
I can't do that!
But then Sarah is in the shop.
I want to go out with Ben more than anything.
But I can't lie to my best friend.
Can I?
Hi, Holly.
I thought it was you.
She says with a big smile.
Rosie.
She says, but without a smile.
I'm really looking forward to tonight.
Mum says she'll take us for a pizza first too.
Actually, I...
I need to talk to you about tonight.
I...
I can't.
I can't come to the fair, you see.
I feel terrible.
But the words are out of my mouth before I can stop them.
It's my grand.
She's sick and needs me.
You know how it is.
Oh.
Well, I hope she feels better soon.
She looks so disappointed.
And I feel terrible.
I've got to go.
See you tomorrow.
I say quickly and walk away before she can see my red face.
When we get back home, it's already late afternoon.
Rosie puts some music on and does my hair and makeup.
Then I put on my new clothes.
I'm excited and I soon forget about Sarah.
There.
All finished.
Says Rosie happily.
What do you think?
I don't really like purple eyeshadow.
And the orange top is very tight.
Well?
She asks, waiting for my answer.
It's great, I say, and try to smile.
But there is so much makeup on my face that I can't smile too much.
Ben will love it.
Trust me.
Are you going to the fair too?
I ask, trying to keep calm.
In 24 minutes, I'm meeting Ben.
No, my foot hurts.
I'm going home to watch a DVD.
That's not much fun.
I say as we go out the door.
Don't worry about me.
Just have a good time.
She says, thanks Rosie.
I say as I get on the bus.
Rosie smiles and waves as I sit down.
I'm not surprised her foot hurts after shopping all day.
Rosie continues waving and then the bus turns the corner.
But when the bus disappears, her smile disappears too.
She takes her mobile phone and calls Julie.
Everything is perfect, she says.
Chapter 4.
The Truth
When I get off the bus, I'm really excited.
I even say goodbye to the bus driver.
But when I get to the fair, Ben isn't there.
I sit down on a bench just outside the entrance and look at my watch.
Again.
605.
Is Ben excited like me?
615.
I watch people go in, families, groups of friends and couples holding hands.
Will Ben hold my hand?
615.
Maybe his bus is late.
Traffic is usually bad at this time of day.
630.
Where are you, Ben?
633.
Maybe his parents are angry with him for some reason and they won't let him go out.
And because he hasn't got my mobile number, he can't call me.
634.
Why didn't I give him my mobile number?
635.
Why didn't I ask for his?
645.
Did he say that he's going to meet me outside the fair or inside?
I was so excited when he phoned.
I can't remember.
Maybe he's inside thinking that I'm not coming.
I quickly get up and go through the entrance.
The loud music and bright lights make everything seem magical as I look for Ben.
Holy!
Someone calls my name, but it isn't Ben.
I thought your gran was sick, Holy.
Sarah!
I... I say and my face goes red.
You lied to me.
She says, her mum and dad look at me.
They seem more disappointed than angry.
I suddenly feel very silly in the short skirt and makeup that Rosie gave me.
I can explain.
I try to touch her arm, but she moves away, her eyes full of angry tears.
I'm not interested.
I thought you were my friend.
My best friend.
She says, and then walks away.
I stand there alone and I feel stupid.
First the basketball match, then Ben.
And now Sarah isn't my friend anymore.
What's the matter, Holly?
Someone says behind me.
It's Rosie.
Oh Rosie, I'm so glad to see you.
Ben didn't.
But before I finish, I can hear laughter.
Horrible, horrible laughter.
The laughter is coming from Rosie's friends.
For a moment, I just stand there while they laugh and point at me my silly clothes and my terrible makeup.
How could I be so stupid?
I thought she was my friend.
I thought she was nice and wanted to help me.
Did you really believe that Ben wants to go out with you?
She says.
She starts to laugh again and her friends laugh even louder.
And louder and louder.
I turn and start to run.
This is a nightmare.
I'll wake up soon.
I tell myself again and again.
But I know that I will remember tonight forever.
When I am alone, I sit down on a bench.
Then I realize that it is the same bench as before and I start to cry.
I was so happy then.
It was only half an hour ago, but it seems more like ten years.
How can everything change so quickly?
Are you okay?
An old woman asks me.
I look up quickly.
She's sitting next to me, a grey cat on her knee.
I can tell you your future if you want.
I don't want to know about my future.
I have no future.
I stand up and start to walk away, ready to go home.
But if you can make wishes come true, I think.
Five pounds.
Says the old woman.
Something in her voice makes me stop walking and take my purse out of my bag.
I can make wishes come true for five pounds.
I've only got five pounds, I say.
But when I look up, the old woman is not there anymore.
I don't know why, but I am happy when I see her standing outside a caravan.
The cat in her arms.
Another three cats move hungrily between her legs.
How did she get that far so quickly?
I don't know why I don't just go home, but I walk towards her.
I give her the money, she opens the door, and I go inside the caravan.
Listening activity.
One.
What time is Holly going to meet Ben?
Would you like to go to the fair, Holly?
Yes, that would be great.
What time?
How about six o'clock?
I'm not sure.
I've got a doctor's appointment at half past five.
How about a quarter to seven then?
Excellent.
See you then.
Two.
What time is Sarah's train leaving today?
Excuse me.
Can you tell me what time the train to London is, please?
Just one moment, please.
There's one at three ten.
That's too early.
Is there a later train?
Yes.
The next train to London leaves at three fifty, but there's a one hour delay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye.
Three.
What time does Rose's party start?
Are you going to Rose's party, Julie?
I'd like to, but I've got to see my grand in the afternoon.
I won't leave her house until six.
That's okay.
It starts at seven thirty, but I'm not going until eight o'clock.
Do you want to go together?
That's a good idea.
I can't wait.
Me too.
Bye.
Travelling Funfares
Groups of people called Shoman travel throughout the year to different areas of the country to set up funfares.
These are called travelling funfares because they do not stay in the same place.
The type of funfares that always stays in the same place is called a theme park.
Funfares are very popular all over Britain and in many other places in the world.
They are especially popular with teenagers and families with young children.
Each funfair has a lot of different rides.
There are rides for adults and older children and teenagers, sometimes called thrill rides.
These rides move very fast, going backwards and forwards, up and down and often use a lot of spinning or falling.
They are a lot of fun, but are also very scary.
There are also lots of rides for younger children, such as train rides.
These are slower and not scary.
There are stalls where you can play games, such as throwing games.
At these stalls, people pay to complete a task.
For example, hitting some moving objects with a ball.
If the person is successful, he or she wins a prize, often a giant teddy bear.
These stalls are very popular with teenage couples, because it is considered romantic for a boy to win a prize for his girlfriend.
There are other stalls where you can buy food.
Hot dogs, hamburgers and chips are popular, but candy floss is the traditional funfair food.
Most funfares also have a fortune teller.
This person, usually a woman, tells a person what will happen to him or her in the future.
Sometimes these things come true, but sometimes they don't.
Do you believe in fortune tellers?
Hoppings, Europe's largest travelling funfair.
Throughout the year, town more, in Newcastle-upon-Tine, is home to about 400 cows.
But for a week in June, the 30 acre space is covered with over 60 rides and numerous stalls.
Travelling fairs from all parts of the country come together, and the Hoppings happens.
This funfair began in 1882 and has over a million visitors each year.
It is now bigger than ever.
Chapter 5 Make a Wish
Are you sure you want things to change, Holly?
The old woman asks me.
Yes, I'm totally sure, I say.
The old woman looks at me for a long time, then she takes a birthday cake out of the fridge.
It looks delicious, and in the middle there is one pink candle.
She puts the cake on the table in front of me and lights the candle.
Then, very quietly, she says.
Happy birthday, Holly.
Blow out the candle and make your wish.
It all feels very strange, like I'm watching it all on television.
I close my eyes and blow out the candle, repeating my wish again and again to myself.
When I open my eyes, for a moment everything is black, there is nothing.
And then everything starts to become clear again.
First the lights of the fair shine through the closed curtains, and then there is the tick-tock of the clock on the wall.
But I am alone in the caravan.
The old woman and her cats are no longer here.
I stand up quickly and run outside.
I want to call out for her, but I don't know her name.
I don't feel different.
The wish isn't working.
How could I believe that the old woman can change my life?
How could I believe that Rosie wanted to be my friend, or that Ben really wanted to go out with me?
I must be really stupid.
And I gave her five pounds.
Rosie!
A voice calls from far away.
But then, how did the old woman know it's my birthday tomorrow?
Rosie!
Says the voice closer now.
And how did she know my name?
Did I tell her?
I don't think so.
Maybe this is all another trick.
Someone touches my arm and says again.
Rosie!
I quickly turn around.
Julie and Jane are standing in front of me.
Aren't you here, us?
Julie says.
What are you doing here?
Are you okay?
You look a little strange.
I...
That was a great trick.
She says and starts to laugh.
Everyone at school is going to laugh at this.
That's good!
Why didn't I take a photo with my mobile phone?
But I don't hear her anymore.
Behind Julie there is a mirror.
And the girl looking back at me, her blonde hair is perfect, long and straight.
Not like a clown's hair.
My wish really did come true.
I'm Rosie!
Being Rosie is the best feeling in the world.
When I was Holly, nobody noticed me.
But now that I'm Rosie, everybody wants to talk to me, ask what I think can be my friend.
I smile and laugh, and I don't feel scared of what people think about me.
I'm Rosie, and I feel like I could run a marathon.
Kind man-teverest.
I could do anything.
Another voice shouts.
Rosie! Rosie!
It's Ben.
He's running, and he looks very worried.
But he's still gorgeous.
I feel more like Holly again as I try to say something.
Do you know if Holly is here?
He asks.
I couldn't find that DVD you said I had Rosie.
Are you sure you gave it to me?
I still don't know why you needed it tonight.
Oh, I hope Holly's still here.
He says, looking around.
Julian, Jane, start to laugh.
What?
Says Ben.
Why are you laughing?
What's so funny?
Ben, his eyes become cold, and he looks at me angrily.
What did you do to her, Rosie?
Me?
I...
It was so funny, Ben.
Says Julie.
There was no DVD, Rosie, right?
And he says coldly, I, everyone quickly stops laughing.
They turn to look at me as Ben walks away.
I start to become red.
I want to shout after him that I'm really holly, not Rosie.
It wasn't me who did this.
I didn't do it.
But who will believe me?
After that nothing seems the same.
Everyone starts to go home.
It's 11 p.m.
I never go home this late.
My dad will definitely ground me.
But as I run towards home, I suddenly realize, I'm Rosie now.
I have to go to Rosie's house.
Rosie's new house is the biggest in the village.
A friend say it even has a swimming pool and six servants.
It will be fun to live the life of the rich girl, the girl who
has everything.
But when I get back, the front door is locked.
The lights are all out.
It looks like nobody's at home.
I knock again, louder this time, but there is still no answer.
Where are my aunt and uncle?
I look in Rosie's bag.
At the bottom, I find a key, and I go inside.
The first thing I notice about the house
is that it is huge.
I start to look around.
There are a lot of beautiful things, but there are no family photos.
There are lots of photos in every room of my house.
Everything here is perfect and expensive.
But there is no love, and it feels cold.
I go upstairs, but still there are no angry parents.
My mom and dad are always angry with me when I come back late.
But now, as I get into Rosie's bed,
I would like that more than anything.
I want them to shout, be angry.
Anything.
I just want them here.
Chapter 6.
Happy birthday.
I can't sleep, so I get up early the next morning.
I choose some of Rosie's expensive clothes to wear.
I always like Rosie's clothes, but when I look in the mirror,
there is no smile on my face.
Today's our birthday, Rosie, I say to myself.
I'm sure that Aunt Lillian, Uncle Pete,
will have a brilliant day planned.
First, there will be lots of presents to open,
then we'll go somewhere special together.
We'll go to an expensive restaurant for lunch,
and tonight there will be the best party of my life.
When I was Holly, I was only going to go bowling
with mom, dad, and Sarah.
But I don't think Sarah will go now, not after yesterday.
I'm very sorry, says the cook when I go downstairs.
She looks very worried.
Your breakfast isn't ready yet.
It's just that you don't usually get up this early.
She says and hurries back into the kitchen.
When she comes back, she puts my breakfast on the table,
says, happy birthday, Rosie.
And walks away.
Excuse me, I ask before she gets to the kitchen.
Where's Aunt?
I mean, mom and dad.
Don't you remember?
They're away on business until Wednesday.
But they left your presents in the living room.
I'm not hungry, so I get up and go into the living room.
On the table, there are lots of presents.
I open them and there is everything I always wanted.
There's a new laptop computer, a diamond bracelet,
and a new mobile phone.
But there is no one to watch me open them
and to say thank you to.
I can't believe I feel even emptier than before.
Maybe going shopping will help.
I phone Julie first and then Jane.
I ask them if they want to come too.
But they both have something to do or somewhere to go.
So I go by myself.
But it's not the same and I don't buy anything.
Nothing looks nice anymore.
There is nothing I want today.
When mom and I go shopping, we always have a laugh
and an ice cream.
But today nothing has any flavor.
I walk past the bowling alley and from a distance,
I watch as mom and dad have fun with Rosie.
Rosie is now me, Ollie.
Rosie too is smiling and relaxed,
and she looks happier than ever.
Then I see Ben.
Ben, what are you doing here?
I smile, but he doesn't smile back.
When he sees me, his eyes become dark and angry.
You know, I really like Ollie.
I just hope she will understand when I explain
that I didn't know about your stupid trick.
How can you be so horrible to your own cousin, to anyone?
Then he walks on and I am left alone once more.
I want to be me again.
But how can that happen now?
There's nothing I can do.
This is my life now.
Or is it?
Listening activity.
24th of February 1997
Tuesday 16th of June 2020
Chapter 7
Finding the Old Woman
I love spring, and today is a perfect day of blue sky
and warm sunshine.
But as I go to the fair, I don't notice the weather.
I am too nervous.
Will the old woman be there?
Will she make me holly again?
I have lots of money now.
As Rosie, I can give her all the money she asks for.
I think about being holly again, and I smile and walk faster.
But when I get to the fair, there is no loud music, no bright lights, no rides and no people.
There are only two caravans left.
As I go towards one, I can see a very tall man.
He is connecting one of the caravans to a big lorry and is about to leave.
Excuse me, I ask.
Where's the fair?
It's going back to Russia.
He says in a very loud voice.
He has a Russian accent.
Russia?
But it can't.
I have to see the old woman, the one that makes wishes come true.
But the man doesn't answer.
He gets into the lorry and as he starts the engine.
I say, please, you don't understand.
I'm not really the person you can see.
My wish changed me into my cousin.
But now I want to be me again.
Please, I can't be like this forever.
My eyes fill with tears and I can't help crying.
Only then does he turn to look at me.
For a moment he doesn't say anything.
Please, I say.
The fair stops once more before we go back to Russia.
But in London, if you want to see the old woman, you'll have to go to London.
Tonight, tomorrow morning we all leave.
Then he drives away.
London, I need to get a train now.
Mom and Dad will be so angry with me.
They don't want me to go on trains on my own until I'm 16, in two years.
But I must go now.
I run back home.
When I get back, the house is full of people.
It's my birthday party.
Everyone is there early.
But nobody notices when I go in or when I go back out with a bag.
They're all dancing, eating and laughing.
But I have to get to London.
My dad thinks I'm still a baby and my mum always says that my bedroom is always untidy.
But I miss them so much.
It will take a couple of hours to get to London.
The train is quite empty and there are lots of places to sit.
But because it's my first time on a train by myself, I sit next to a young mother and her crying baby.
This makes me feel safer.
As I put my bag down, the mother smiles and says,
Sorry about Poppy, it's her teeth.
She's only six months old.
That's okay, I try to smile, but when I see the mother and her baby, my eyes feel with tears.
Excuse me, can you look after my bag for a moment?
I ask and I get up and go to the toilet.
I wash my face with cold water.
But when I go back to my seat, my eyes are still red.
I see the mother and her baby getting off the train as I get back.
She waves and smiles at me from the platform.
I sit alone until the train gets to London.
When I finally get off the train, my arms and legs feel heavy and tired.
So I sit down in a cafe to have a coffee and something to eat and think about what to do next.
I eat my sandwich quickly.
I must find the fair and the old woman.
I ask the waitress for the bill and I look for my money.
But my purse is not in my bag.
Listening activity.
Good morning and welcome to Weatherwise 7-Day Forecast.
For those of you hoping for a sunny start to the week, I'm afraid we are expecting heavy rain for Monday.
The weather will get worse and storms are forecast for both Tuesday and Wednesday.
But on Thursday you can leave your umbrella at home.
It will be sunny with temperatures of 25 in the south.
Friday will be cloudy though and on Saturday there will be strong winds.
But then the sun will return for another hot and sunny Sunday.
Chapter 8.
I want to be me.
Please tell me this isn't happening.
My purse was here before.
I know I had it when I got on the train.
Where is it now?
I empty my bag onto the table.
There are my keys, some eyeshadow and a lipstick.
But my purse and mobile phone aren't there.
How can I pay the bill now?
I've only got the small bag with the change from when I bought my train ticket.
I can't even phone anybody to come and help.
I watch the waitress as she takes another order before disappearing inside the cafe
and I know I have to do something wrong.
I look around and check that no one is watching me.
Then I get up and run.
I run as fast as I can.
And when I think I can't run anymore, I think about the police arresting me and I run even faster.
I only stop when I am sure I am about to die.
It is now dark and I am in London, one of the busiest cities in the world, with no money.
Where am I going to sleep tonight?
The maid won't be worried because I told her that I was going to stay with Julie for a few days
and my aunt and uncle are too busy with business meetings and making even more money to worry.
But then I see a poster.
One night only.
The world famous Stavisloski Family Fair.
Covent Garden.
Last stop on European tour.
Don't miss it.
I run as fast as I can to the tube station and with the last of my money I buy a ticket to Covent Garden.
I have to change trains twice to get there.
There is a train in a few minutes so I quickly run to the platform.
But after 15 minutes, the train is still not there.
The train arriving at platform 2 is delayed.
We apologise.
I wait and wait.
And then the train finally arrives.
When I get to the fair, it is late.
There are only a few people left and they are leaving.
I see three girls who look about my age working on one of the rides.
Excuse me, I say.
I'm looking for an elderly lady, I continue.
And when I finish telling them my story, I ask, is she here?
Yes.
Says one of the girls.
She has short dark hair and very big blue eyes that are very difficult not to look at.
She's here.
Excellent.
I smile.
Everything is going to be okay.
But you must know that she is the 8th daughter of the world famous magician, Slavistavislovski.
8th daughters have very special powers.
But once they are used, they cannot go back.
But you don't understand.
I can't be like this forever.
If I can just see her, I'm sure that if I explain everything.
We'll take you to her, but she'll tell you the same thing.
Nervously, I follow them to a caravan.
They go inside and after the longest five minutes of my life, they come out again.
You can go in now.
Says the girl with the blue eyes.
I climb the two steps and when I see her there, I am sure she will help.
I'm so pleased to see you, I say smiling, but she holds her hand up to stop me.
Lord Mila told me why you're here.
I'm sorry, but I can do nothing.
But I asked you if you were sure you wanted things to change.
You said yes.
I know.
I was wrong.
Please.
You have to turn me back into Holly.
I don't have any more money, but...
I know.
The young mother on the train took your money and your phone too.
How do you know that?
I am the 8th daughter of the famous Slavistovski.
When I was 10, my father said to me,
Octavia, you have a special gift,
but you must use that gift carefully.
Everyone has one wish and only one wish.
You had one wish.
You wanted to be Rosie.
I made your wish come true.
I'm sorry, but I cannot help.
Chapter 9.
No more wishes.
But you have to do something.
I can't be Rosie for one more minute.
I want to be Holly.
I want my family back, please.
When I get back, I can get you some more money.
I'm not rich like Rosie, but I do have some money, please.
I can't give you another wish.
But you will be Holly again.
My wishes aren't forever.
You will be Holly again at midnight.
She puts a hand on my shoulder and smiles.
I thank her and I'm about to leave when she says,
In the future, be careful what you wish for.
As the train leaves the station,
I look out of the window at all the lights in people's houses,
bright against the black sky.
I see Rosie's face looking at me,
and for the first time since I became her,
I am happy.
I try to keep my eyes open, but I'm very tired,
and as I sit back in my seat, my eyes start to close.
I fight sleep.
I must stay awake.
I must.
But eventually sleep wins.
I dream of my bedroom, the posters on the wall,
the mess and mum shouting that I must tidy up in the morning.
I dream of my favourite things like watching DVDs on rainy Sunday afternoons,
chocolate ice cream and getting into a clean bed after having a long relaxing bath.
Holly, breakfast's ready.
Someone shouts, and at first I think I'm still sleeping.
But then I hear it again.
It sounds like mum.
My mum.
I open my eyes, but I'm not on the train.
I'm home.
In my bed.
I throw the duvet off and run down the stairs.
But when I pass the mirror in the hall, I stop suddenly.
I have to see.
But opening my eyes to check that I'm not Rosie anymore is very hard.
Please let me look like a clown.
Slowly I open my eyes.
Yes!
I shout so loud that mum comes out of the kitchen.
Holly, what's the matter?
Nothing mum.
Everything's perfect.
I say giving her a big kiss.
Good.
Now come and get your breakfast before it goes cold.
Mum is surprised and laughs.
There is a knock on the front door.
Please can you open the door, Holly?
Shouts mum before going back into the kitchen.
Is it the postman or the milkman coming for his money?
But it's Rosie, and she looks very sad.
For a moment we just look at each other.
Do you want to go for a walk?
She says, I think we need to talk.
We walk for a while, and then I say,
I'm not looking forward to going to school tomorrow.
Not after the basketball match.
And I must speak to Sarah.
Don't worry Holly.
Sarah will understand.
And as for everyone else, no one will say anything to you.
Rosie says with a smile.
I'll make sure that no one is horrible to you ever again.
I'm so sorry for what I did to you.
You know, Ben really likes you.
You should go and see him.
That's okay Rosie.
Let's forget about it, and be friends as well as cousins.
I say smiling at my cousin.
As Holly and Rosie walk out of the front door,
Holly's mum starts going upstairs.
She sees something on the floor.
She picks it up.
A train ticket to London.
Where did that come from?
She puts it in her pocket and continues with her day.
The only person I know who goes to London is my sister Lily.
She says to herself later as she is cleaning the bathroom.
I wish I were rich like Lily,
so that I could go shopping all day and not have to do housework.
Just for one day, I'd like to be Lily.
She says, and then suddenly something strange happens.